Docs update (#85)
openforcefield/openff-bespokefit: docs/userguide/04_bespoke-executor.md

(executor_chapter)=
# BespokeExecutor

BespokeFit not only provides tools and schemas for specifying workflows, but
also an execution environment for running them. This environment is called
[BespokeExecutor]. BespokeExecutor combines a HTTP server, job queue,
parallel scheduler, and workflow interpreter so that workflows produced by
BespokeFit can be efficiently executed in parallel.

BespokeExecutor runs in the background on a computer with plenty of CPU power.
This might be a local workstation or a remote HPC cluster. It then provides a
server to which jobs can be submitted. Submitted jobs are placed in a queue
until resources become available, at which point the executor runs them.
BespokeExecutor can break a workflow down into stages and run parts in
parallel with parts from other workflows so that even serial steps can take

> advantage of the host platform's parallelism. This means that several workflows

Reviewer: This sentence is kinda hard to read, though I can't quite suggest a better wording for it.

Author: Rephrased. Thanks!

//  from openff.bespokefit.workflows import BespokeWorkflowFactory
//  from openff.toolkit.topology import Molecule 
//  factory = BespokeWorkflowFactory()
//  target_molecule = Molecule.from_smiles("C(C(=O)O)N") # Glycine
//  workflow = factory.optimization_schema_from_molecule(
//      molecule=target_molecule,
//  )
//  
    with BespokeExecutor(1, 1, 2) as executor:
        task = executor.submit(workflow)
        result = wait_until_complete(task.id)
```

These functions respectively correspond to a HTTP POST and GET request, and they
return the appropriate [POST] and [GET] response types. `wait_until_complete()`
returns the result of a task even if the task has already finished when the
function is executed, so using the context manager with multiple workflows is
simple. Given an iterator of workflow schemas named `workflows`:

```python
//  from openff.bespokefit.executor import BespokeExecutor
//  from openff.bespokefit.workflows import BespokeWorkflowFactory
//  from openff.toolkit.topology import Molecule
//  target_molecule = Molecule.from_smiles("C(C(=O)O)N") # Glycine
//  workflow = factory.optimization_schema_from_molecule(
//      molecule=target_molecule,

> //  )

Reviewer: These lines may not actually be getting used

Author: Good point! Removed

```

This will return all the results in the same order as the `molecule` iterator,
even if they are executed out of order behind the scenes.

[`BespokeOptimizationSchema`]: openff.bespokefit.schema.fitting.BespokeOptimizationSchema
[`optimization_schema_from_molecule()`]: openff.bespokefit.workflows.bespoke.BespokeWorkflowFactory.optimization_schema_from_molecule
[`BespokeWorkflowFactory`]: openff.bespokefit.workflows.bespoke.BespokeWorkflowFactory
[`submit()`]: openff.bespokefit.executor.BespokeExecutor.submit
[`wait_until_complete()`]: openff.bespokefit.executor.wait_until_complete
[POST]: openff.bespokefit.executor.services.coordinator.models.CoordinatorPOSTResponse
[GET]: openff.bespokefit.executor.services.coordinator.models.CoordinatorGETResponse
[`Molecule`]: openff.toolkit.topology.Molecule

## From the CLI

BespokeFit also provides a [command line interface](cli_chapter) for working
with BespokeExecutor. First, start the executor:

```sh
openff-bespoke executor launch
```

Then submit a molecule from a structure file:

```sh
openff-bespoke executor submit --input molecule.sdf
```

The `--input` switch accepts most commonly used chemistry formats. OpenFF

> recommends SDF as it includes all the information needed to unambiguously

Reviewer: ```suggestion
recommends SDF or MOL as they include all the information needed to unambiguously
```
